Create ui-c8y-1019-19-7-adjust-ui-info-gauge-widget-labels-6018-graft-release-cd-6049.md (#1921)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1019-19-7-adjust-ui-info-gauge-widget-labels-6018-graft-release-cd-6049.md

---
date: ""

> title: Labels in the "Info gauge" have been improved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Label display in the "Info gauge" widget has been improved
```

> title: adjust UI info gauge widget labels (#6018) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6049)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Improved labels for info gauge widgets in the UI
```

> title: adjust UI info gauge widget labels (#6018) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6049)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Labels in the "Info gauge" have been improved.
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-57703
version: 1019.19.7
---

> adjust UI info gauge widget labels (#6018) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6049)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The info gauge widgets in the UI previously had labels that were not fully descriptive or intuitive for users. To address this, the labels for these widgets have been updated to provide clearer information. This change improves the usability and readability of the info gauge widgets, making it easier for users to understand the data being presented without requiring additional explanation or context.
```

Reviewer 2: @BeateRixen yeah adjust doesn't seem correct. maybe: "Labels in the Info gauge widget have been improved. Previously, labels with lengthy names encountered display issues. Now, adjustments have been made to ensure clearer and more accurate label representation."

> adjust UI info gauge widget labels (#6018) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6049)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Labels in the Info gauge widget have been improved. Previously, labels with lengthy names encountered display issues. Now, adjustments have been made to ensure clearer and more accurate label representation.
```

> Labels in the Info gauge widget have been improved. Previously, labels with lengthy names encountered display issues. Now, adjustments have been made to ensure clearer and more accurate label representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Labels in the "Info gauge" widget have been improved. Previously, labels with lengthy names encountered display issues. Now, adjustments have been made to ensure clearer and more accurate label representation.
```
